today something went terribly wrong our
initial plan was to move out of the
apartment in the morning and for the
afternoon we had organized a massive
clothing drive to pick up our friends
clothes all around the city and to go
donate them to a homeless shelter we
ended up running around the city
picking up 40 bags in the pouring rain
to donate them to the st. Michael's
mission in downtown Montreal this
morning when we were loading the car to
go give the clothes to the shelter this
happened my laptop and the external hard
drive with all of our footage got stolen
and all of our work for the past two
weeks was gone with it the only upside
of today was that we were still able to
donate 40 pack bags of clothes from the
st. Michael's mission and some of the
members of the shelter even helped us
unload right now living on Dre's couch
with Omar very nice I like everything is
working against us right now but we're
gonna keep going listen we have 26 more
videos coming for you guys it's gonna be
awesome